a family of three
theo conroy who is a retired banker his
wife susannah she's actress
and their daughter allah
they personally on two vacations and
book a house in a countryside
when they read the house all your
reactions are like this
oh my god i love
this but but but what they didn't know
they were going into the house of
horrors at first lloyd before going to
the bed
theo goes to turn off the lights in the
house
so when he turns off a light in a room
the light in the next room lightens up
and this keeps happening until his life
guess that one stays on
so when he turns to the bedroom he had
almost 25 to 6 hours while turning off
the lights
but he didn't notice it his wife was
already asleep and he's like
really pokemon you can't be asleep yet
so the next day ella and susanna go for
a walk
where ella starts asking some weird
question to her mother
why do people hate daddy so much and
she's like
what you know that
so she tells her a story of previous
wife of
theo that she took some drugs and
drowned herself in a tug
and people blame theo for her murder but
colt released him as innocent after some
time
theo wakes up and starts to write his
journal because he was managing his some
psychotic problems and depression
he gets frustrated and goes in the town
to buy some groceries
where he meets some shopkeeper and he
asks some more weird questions about the
house
anything happened yet shopkeeper also
inquires about stature who was owner of
house
and gives him a triangle as a gift and
to go for right angles
theo who was already suspicious about
her wife cheating on her
checks on her devices to find anything
suspicious
but finds nothing tasks successfully
failed
theo who couldn't sleep at night gets up
and starts to write his journal where he
finds something spooky a message
on his diary and also a door that he
didn't see before he goes in and finds
some photos
and finds her daughter dead and he's
like
the dream the goddamn dream
and stabs himself with a piece of glass
and wakes up to find out it was only a
dream
the next morning he tells her wife about
his dream
and goes to enquire the house but they
do not find anything
susana who has to go out of the town for
her work
before going she wants to spend her time
with her daughter
while theo finds out susanna had two
phones and was cheating on him
he also finds the same message that he
saw in his diary
during his dream and he's like i didn't
dream that
susanna lives in anger and now it's just
ella and theo at house so things start
to
get more spookier theo measures the
angles of the house
but finds out none of the angles match
also he finds out
house is bigger from the inside and
smaller from the outside
during that ella gets cold and goes
inside to take her jacket
but gets lost in the house theo goes
inside the house
to find her but things start to get even
more spookier and weird
[Music]
[Applause]
so he finds a third door that wasn't
there before he goes inside
and find more spookier things after some
time he finds
ella and calls the same shopkeeper he
went to before
shopkeeper tells them a spooky story
about the house
and frightens them an ant doesn't know
what a cathedral is
what a power plant or a volcano
it's the same with that house you don't
know what you can't know it's a legend
the devil builds a tower to collect
souls
and god destroys it but the devil just
built it up again
and again so theo and
lr decide to leave the house but after a
long walk they end up back to the house
so unwillingly they go inside the house
to guest some death something happens
and theo goes to checkup
and ends up getting trapped in some kind
of time loop where he sees his past self
and leaves a message on the note also
meets the statler in the basement of
house
and asks him to leave ella alone
but he replies it is theo himself and
his sins that are keeping
allah in the house and after some times
theo finds her daughter again
in the morning susana comes back and
theo confesses to her
i killed her sis i let her drown i could
have pulled her out
and i didn't i watched her die
and after the confession theo gets
trapped in timeless for eternity
and movie ends
[Music]
bye have a great time